Why can't a bicycle stand on its own? It's two-tired.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
What’s more amazing than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
I'm thinking of reasons to go to Switzerland. The flag is a big plus.
What did the grape say when it was stepped on? Nothing, it just let out a little wine.
A burger walks into a bar. The bartender says 'Sorry, we don't serve food here'
I was up all night wondering where the sun went, but then it dawned on me.
Why is it always hot in the corner of a room? Because a corner is 90 degrees.
When my son told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down.
Found out I was color blind the other day. That one came right out of the orange.
Why can't you play poker on the African Savanna? There's too many cheetahs.
How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Look for fresh prints.
Never trust math teachers who use graph paper. They're always plotting something.
What do you call friends who love math? Algebros.
Interesting fact: T-shirt is short for Tyrannosaurus Shirt. Because of the short arms.
Did you know the 3 most common languages in the world are Mandarin Chinese, Spanish and English.
Did you know the first letters of the months July through to November spell JASON.
Did you know Switzerland eats the most chocolate equating to 10 kilos per person per year.
Did you know when lightning strikes it can reach up to 30,000 degrees celsius (54,000 degrees fahrenheit).
Did you know stewardesses is the longest word that is typed with only the left hand.
Did you know M&M's chocolate stands for the initials for its inventors Mars and Murrie.
Did you know the longest street in the world is Yonge street in Toronto Canada measuring 1,896 km (1,178 miles).
Did you know the Internet was originally called ARPANet (Advanced Research Projects Agency Network) designed by the US department of defense.
Did you know the sentence "the quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog" uses every letter in the English alphabet.
Did you know if you add up all the numbers from 1 to 100 consecutively (1 + 2 + 3...) it totals 5050.
Did you know frogs don't usually swallow water (they absorb most of the moisture they need through their skin).
Did you know the word laser stands for 'Light Amplification by Stimulated Emission of Radiation'.
Did you know there are only 4 words in the English language which end in 'dous' (they are: hazardous, horrendous, stupendous and tremendous).
Did you know 'Bookkeeper' and 'bookkeeping' are the only 2 words in the English language with three consecutive double letters.
Did you know the word 'uncopyrightable' is the is the only 15 letter word that can be spelled without repeating any letter.
Did you know if you filled a matchbox with gold it could be flattened into a sheet the size of a tennis court.
Did you know Halley's comet passes the Earth every 76 years (the next time it will return will be 2062).
Did you know the stomach acids found in a snakes stomach can digest bones and teeth but not fur or hair.
Did you know the average soccer ball is made up of 32 leather panels and held together by 642 stitches.
Did you know ice skating rinks always go counter clock wise (for the majority of people that are right handed needing to hang onto the rail).
Did you know there is 200 times more gold in the world's oceans than has been mined.
Did you know the world's knowledge is growing so fast that 90% of what we will know in 50 years time will be discovered in those 50 years.
Did you know that in the 17th century the value of pi was known to 35 decimal places (today to 1.2411 trillion).
Did you know when 2 zebras stand side by side they usually face each other in opposite directions to keep an eye out for predators.
Did you know each red blood cell lives an average of 4 months and travels between the lungs and other tissue 75,000 times before returning to bone marrow to die.
Did you know clothes dried outside smell better because of a process called photolysis (sunlight breaks down compounds that cause odor).
Did you know the fastest fish in the sea is the swordfish and can reach up to speeds of 108kph (68mph, 59knots).
Did you know the 'black box' that houses an airplanes voice recorder is actually orange so it can be more easily detected amid the debris of a plane crash.
Did you know penguins are only found in the southern hemisphere primarily in Antarctica (excluding zoos above the equator).
Did you know an area of the Suns surface to the equivalent of a postage stamp would shine with the brightness of over 1,500,000 candles.
Did you know the expression to 'knuckle down' originated from playing marbles (players used to put their knuckles to the ground for their best shots).
Did you know petrol has no specific freezing point (it can freezes at any temperature between -82 and -115C (-180 and -240F).
Did you know 93% of households in Denmark consume wine (the highest % in the world with France second with 85% of households).
Did you know rainbows can only be seen in the morning or late afternoon (the sun needs to be less than 40 above the horizon).
Did you know you have to eat 5kg (11lb) of potatoes to put on .5kg (1lb) of weight (a potato has no more calories than an apple).
Did you know coffee is generally roasted between 204 - 218C (400 - 425F) (the longer the beans are roasted the darker the roast).
Did you know John Cadbury founded the Cadbury chocolate company in England in 1842 producing the first chocolate bars.
Did you know dark roasted coffee beans contain less caffeine than medium roasted ones (the longer a coffee is roasted the more caffeine is burns off).
Did you know the 1st full length animated film was released by Disney Studios in 1937 (it was Snow White and the seven dwarfs).
Did you know a person will die from total lack of sleep sooner than from starvation (Death can occur about 10 days without sleep while starvation takes a few weeks).
Did you know once a women reachs the age of 30 they lose 1% of their bone mass every year thereafter (by the time a women is 50 she will have lost 20%).
Did you know the number 2 is the only number greater than zero that when added to or multiplied by itself gives you the same result (4).
Did you know the moon is 27% the size of the Earth.
Did you know the center of the Sun is approximately 15 million C (27 million F).
Did you know sun light can penetrate clean ocean water up to a depth of 73m (240 feet).
Did you know cheetahs can accelerate from 0 to 70 km/h (43mp/h) in 3 seconds.
Did you know an astronaut can be up to 2 inches taller returning from space (the cartilage disks in the spine expand in the absence of gravity).
Did you know the oldest cockroach fossils are over 280 million years old.
Did you know there are over 97,000 km (60,000 miles) of blood vessels in the average person.
Did you know aichmophobia is the fear of needles and pointed objects.
Did you know akousticophobia is the fear of noises.
Did you know amathophobia is the fear of dust.
Did you know atychiphobia is the fear of failure.
Did you know brontophobia is the fear of thunderstorms.
Did you know catoptrophobia is the fear of mirrors.
Did you know dendrophobia is the fear of trees.
Did you know gatophobia is the fear of cats.
Did you know heliophobia is the fear of sunlight.
Did you know helminthophobia is the fear of worms.
Did you know herpetophobia is the fear of reptiles.
Did you know hippophobia is the fear of horses.
Did you know iatrophobia is the fear of doctors.
Did you know ichthyophobia is the fear of fish.
Did you know melissophobia is the fear of bees.
Did you know melophobia is the fear of music.
Did you know myrmecophobia is the fear of ants.
Did you know ombrophobia is the fear of rain.
Did you know ornithophobia is the fear of birds.
Did you know siderodromophobia is the fear of trains.